#summary How to compile the project on linux/windows

= Environment =

I recommend using Eclipse with the Qt Eclipse integration plugin.

== Linux ==

1) QT (version 4.4 or newer)

http://trolltech.com/developer/downloads/qt/x11

2) Eclipse

http://www.eclipse.org/cdt/

3) Plugin

http://trolltech.com/developer/downloads/qt/eclipse-integration-download

== Windows ==

1) QT (version 4.4 or newer)

http://trolltech.com/developer/downloads/qt/windows

I only use MinGW for compilation so I'm not familiar with an other method of getting QT to run on a windows system.  You will be asked if you want to download MinGW during the process of the installation.

2) Eclipse

http://www.eclipse.org/cdt/

3) Plugin

http://trolltech.com/developer/downloads/qt/eclipse-integration-download

On windows, you might have to add the location of the MinGW install in order to get the project to build from within Eclipse.  I believe that this is set under "Project" => "Properties" => "C/C++ Make Project" => "Environment".  Basically modify the PATH so that it includes C:\MinGW.

= Simple Compilation =

1) Get the latest source using svn:

svn checkout https://easygraph.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ easygraph --username <google code username>

SVN will then ask for your autogenerated google code password.  A link to your password is on the source page of this site.

2) Once the plugin is installed all you have to do is open up Eclipse and choose to import and existing QT project.  Then run "Project" => "Clean" in order to force a full recompile.  

= Hands on Compliation =

1) Get the source as above

2) Go into the project folder.

3) qmake -project

4) qmake

5) Edit the project.pro file adding a line:

   QT += opengl

6) make  (for windows this will be probably be a different command)

The above may or may not run smoothly on windows.  You will probably have to choose the QT command line interface from the start menu in order to have environmental variables properly set.

*That's it!*

Thanks!